Inc 5000 blog post (#3200)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/fusionauth-inc-5000-2024.mdx

---

> publish_date: 2024-08-13

Reviewer: Would change this to today.

title: FusionAuth Named to the Inc. 5000 (Again)!
description: FusionAuth is proud to be named to the Inc. 5000 list of the fastest-growing companies in the United States. 

> authors: FusionAuth

Author: Good question. I don't know that we do. Let me double check to see if Brian is okay with his name being attached.

image: /img/blogs/inc-5000-2024/inc5000-2024.png
categories: News
tags: fusionauth, inc 5000, growth
excerpt_separator: "{/* more */}"
---

We're thrilled to announce that FusionAuth has once again made it onto the prestigious Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing companies. We climbed the ladder this year, going from #1597 to #1269. The Inc. 5000 list features some of the fastest-growing, private businesses in the US. Inc. calculates the ratings based on the growth from the previous three years.

{/* more */} 

> Outside of the Inc. ranking, a key component that we track is growth based on company size. Companies at our same size on average grow roughly 30% per year according to [Eleken](https://www.eleken.co/blog-posts/average-saas-growth-rate-brief-guide-for-startups) FusionAuth grew over 65% last year and over 130% the year before that. And wait it gets even better. In 2021, we grew 314%! And we have no plans on slowing down either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside of the Inc. ranking, a key component that we track is growth based on company size. Companies at our same size on average grow roughly 30% per year according to [Eleken](https://www.eleken.co/blog-posts/average-saas-growth-rate-brief-guide-for-startups) FusionAuth grew over 65% last year. We don't plan on slowing down either.
```

## Still Growing

We've been hiring like mad in every department since last year. The investment we received  from [Updata Partners](/blog/fusionauth-funding) last year allowed us to hire the right people for the right roles...right now. 

Oh yeah and by the way, [we're still hiring](/jobs), because we've been busier than ever over the past year. Here's a peek behind the curtain: 

## Simplifying CIAM

Developers from around the world have downloaded FusionAuth over 20 million times. In a world where everything is becoming multi-tenant, nickel-and-dime pricing, it's refreshing to be different. FusionAuth is still the only commercially-supported customer login solution that you can install anywhere, even air-gapped!

> One challenge that we've had to face is that our unique position brings complexity with it. We've listened to our users and we've decided to spend the next few release cycles simplifying FusionAuth in every way possible. That started with our [Simple Theme builder](/blog/announcing-fusionauth-1-51) in version 1.51.0. Over the next few months, you'll see FusionAuth become even easier to use, no matter what your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we serve both self-hosted and cloud users, and because auth is complex, we've built a product that is powerful but can be overwhelming at first glance. We've listened to our users and decided to spend the next few release cycles simplifying FusionAuth to make that first experience and common operations better. That started with our [Simple Theme builder](/blog/announcing-fusionauth-1-51) in version 1.51.0. Over the next few months, you'll see FusionAuth become even easier to use, no matter what your use case.
```

## Safety for Everyone

It should come as no surprise that we're ruthlessly devoted to user and app security. We want everyone to be as secure as possible, that's why we've always had our free Community Edition of FusionAuth. It's free forever, with no MAU caps, and it's powering millions of logins around the globe.

But threats are getting more complex every day. For most developers, it's impossible to keep up with such a quickly-changing landscape. Passkeys solve a lot of today's username and password problems, but they can be difficult and expensive to put in place. 

> With version 1.52.0 of FusionAuth, we brought passkeys to our Community Edition. Yes, that means that you can give your users peace of mind and keep their data safe for FREE. And we've made it super easy to get started with our [five-minute guide](/docs/quickstarts/5-minute-setup-guide). 

Reviewer: I might point to quickstarts rather than the 5 minute guide.
